README.md, before:

# Spotify 2.0 clone with Next js 12 and Tailwindcss

## Preview

###\***\*Features**

#### responsivenss

#### Authentication using JWT tokens and next Auth

#### server side rendering and consuming Spotify API

###**Tools**###

#### NEXT JS 12

#### TAILWINDcss

#### Rebounce

#### SpotifywebApi

This example shows how to use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) [(v3.0)](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3) with Next.js. It follows the steps outlined in the official [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/nextjs).

Preview the example live on [StackBlitz](http://stackblitz.com/):

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss)

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss&project-name=with-tailwindcss&repository-name=with-tailwindcss)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

Added the middleware beta version to check out login token status

README.md, after:

# Spotify 2.0 clone with Next js 12 and Tailwindcss

## Preview

###\***\*Features**

#### responsivenss

#### Authentication using JWT tokens and next Auth.

#### Using middleware layer to verify the login status tokens.

#### server side rendering and consuming Spotify API

###**Tools**###

#### NEXT JS 12

#### TAILWINDcss

#### Rebounce

#### SpotifywebApi

This example shows how to use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) [(v3.0)](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3) with Next.js. It follows the steps outlined in the official [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/nextjs).

Preview the example live on [StackBlitz](http://stackblitz.com/):

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss)

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss&project-name=with-tailwindcss&repository-name=with-tailwindcss)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).
